Update readme on screenshot deployment (#91)
wmde/shutterbug: README.md

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

## How to add screenshots (actual image content)

> :information_source: The screenshots that get served by shutterbug need to be created with another application (see [banner-screenshots repo](https://github.com/wmde/banner-screenshots) ). With the banner-screenshots application you can generate the screenshot images and a metadata file (`metadata_summary.json`) which sums up their content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:information_source: The screenshots visualized by shutterbug are created with the [banner-screenshots application](https://github.com/wmde/banner-screenshots) ). With the `banner-screenshots` application you can generate the metadata summary files `metadata_summary.json` and the images and metadata file `metadata.json` for each campaign.
```
